---
title: Don't Hurt the Lord
date: 2024-04-21  
---

"Have I been with you so long, and yet you have not known Me, Philip?"  &mdash; John 14:9

Out Lord must be repeatedly astounded at us&mdash;astounded at how "un-simple" we are.  it is our own opinions that make us dense and slow to understand, but when we are simple we are never dense; we have discernment all the time.  Philip expected the future revelation of a tremendous mystery, but not in Jesus, the Person he thought he already knew.  The mystery, but not in Jesus the Person he thought he already knew.  They mystery of God is not in what is going to be&mdash;it is now, though we look for it to be revealed in the future in some overwhelming, momentous event.  We have no reluctance to obey Jesus, but it is highly probable that we are hurting Him by what we ask&mdash;"Lord, show us the Father&hellip;(14:8).  His response immediately comes back to us as He says, Can't you see Him?   He is always right here or He is nowhere to be found."  We look for God to exhibit Himself *to* His children.  And while others see the evidence, the child of God does not.  We want to be fully aware of what God is doing in us, but we cannot have complete awareness and expect to remain reasonable or balanced in our expectations of Him.  If all we are asking God to give us is experiences, and the awareness and expect to remain reasonable or balanced in our expectations of Him.  If all we are experiences is blocking our way, we hurt the Lord.  The very questions we ask hurt Jesus, because they are not the questions of a child.

"Let not your heart be troubled&hellip;" (14:1, 27).  Am I then hurting Jesus by allowing my heart to be troubled?  If I believe in jesus and His attributes, am I living up to my belief?  Am I allowing anything to disturb my heart or am I allowing any questions to come in which are unsound or unbalanced?  I have to g4et to the point fo the absolute and unquestionable relationship that takes everything exactly as it comes from Him.  god never guides us at some time in the future, but always here and now.  Realize that the Lord is here *now,* and the freedom you receive is immediate.